# Doosan Corporation (000150.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:10.666093_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Industrials
- 산업: Conglomerates
- 웹사이트: https://www.doosan.com
- 주소: Doosan Tower, 31F 275, Jangchungdan-ro Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 3398 0114

## 사업 개요
Doosan Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the power generation facilities, industrial facilities, construction machinery, engines, and construction businesses in Korea, the United States, Asia, the Middle East, Europe, and internationally. It operates through Electro-Materials BG, Digital Innovation BU, Doosan Enerbility, Doosan Bobcat, Doosan Fuel Cell, and Others segments. The company manufactures and sells copper clad laminates, and casting and forgings; and provides development and maintenance services for information technology systems and other products, as well as professional, scientific, and technical services. It is also involved in the construction of NSSS, BOP, turbines, desalination and water treatment facilities, plant installation works, and roads, etc.; operation of golf club and condominiums; and manufacture and sale of eco-friendly commercial vehicles, industrial robots, hydrogen fuel cell power packs, construction equipment, integrated circuits, oil hydraulic machinery, and small size construction machines and equipment, as well as other machinery. In addition, the company engages in the fuel cell and renewable energy, and other businesses; development and sale of logistics automation facilities; testing and engineering of semiconductor manufacturing; electric power generation and sale; research and development of fuel cells and systems for power generation; manufacture, lease, and sale of forklifts; and financial investment activities, as well as sports, education and training, and wholesale and retail businesses. Further, it offers manufacturing, IT, advertising, marketing, specialized, engineering, and other services, as well as software and systems engineering services. The company was formerly known as OB Beer, Ltd. and changed its name to Doosan Corporation in September 1998. Doosan Corporation was founded in 1896 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Jeongwon  Park | Chairman & CEO | 63 |  |
| Mr. Min Chul  Kim | President ,CFO & Management Director | 61 |  |
| Seung-Woo  Yoo | President | 58 |  |
| Mr. Yong-Maan  Park | Chairperson of Management | 70 |  |
| Sung-Jin  Choi | Head of Information & Communications Business Unit and Senior Managing Director | 68 |  |
| Mr. Sung-Ki  Lim | President of Legal Affairs | 64 |  |
| Mr. Sung-Woo  Choi | President of HR | 67 |  |
| Joo-man  Yoon | Managing Director of Doosan Electro-Materials |  |  |
| Min-jeong  Kim | Manager |  |  |
