# Hanwha Corporation (000880.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:56.350477_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Industrials
- 산업: Conglomerates
- 웹사이트: https://www.hanwhacorp.co.kr
- 주소: 86, Cheonggyecheon-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, 04541, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 729 1114

## 사업 개요
Hanwha Corporation engages in the manufacture and sale of explosives and industrial machinery, trading, and general construction businesses. The company operates through Gunpowder Manufacturing; Wholesale and Retail; Chemical Manufacturing; Shipbuilding Industry; Construction Industry; Leisure & Service; Photovoltaic Business; Financial Institutions; and All Other segments. The company offers ammonia, nitric acid, ammonium nitrate, explosives, chemical products; firepower systems, defense robots, remote firing control, mobility systems, combat vehicles, anti-aircraft, and guided weapons; and radar, electro-optical equipment, tactical communication systems, combat command systems, fire control equipment, aircraft engines, video security surveillance equipment, chip mounters, screen printers, frib chip mounters, batteries, and displays. It is involved in sales and services for CCTV, DVR, network products; logistics, and new and renewable energy business; department store; resorts; catering; food & beverages distribution; low-density polyethylene, caustic soda, polyvinyl chloride, LNG, LPG, crude oil tankers, and container ships business; crude oil, gas production and drilling equipment, offshore wind turbines, submarines, surface vessels, automotive parts, industrial materials, electronic materials, solar materials, and construction materials business; architecture, civil engineering, plant, and industrial complexes construction; real estate development/sales; and trade in petrochemical products, non-ferrous products, machinery, agricultural, livestock, and fishery products, and mineral resources. It provides solar power solutions; information system; outsourcing; and insurance, asset management, loans, pension, securities brokerage, deposits, and underwriting services. The company was formerly known as Korea Explosives Corp. and changed its name to Hanwha Corporation in March 1993. Hanwha Corporation was founded in 1952 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Woo Seok  Kim | CEO of E&C Division and Chairman of the Board |  |  |
| Du Hyoung  Ryoo | CEO of Global Division & Inside Director | 60 |  |
| Mr. Dong-Kwan  Kim | CEO of Strategy Division & Inside Director | 42 |  |
