# Posco Future M Co., Ltd. (003670.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:29.112586_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Industrials
- 산업: Electrical Equipment & Parts
- 웹사이트: https://www.poscofuturem.com
- 주소: 110, Sinhang-ro, Nam-gu 1-143, Cheongnim-dong, Pohang, South Korea
- 전화: 82 5 4290 0114

## 사업 개요
Posco Future M Co., Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the refractory, industrial furnaces, and lime businesses in South Korea, Europe, Southeast Asia, China, the United States, and internationally. It operates through Refractories, Burned Lime/Carbon Materials, and Energy Materials segments. The company manufactures and sells various shaped refractories, such as magnesia carbon and magnesia chrome; unshaped refractories comprising castables, stamp materials, and tundish coating materials; magnesia clinkers; and functional refractories. It also provides refractory engineering services, and quicklime for ironmaking and steelmaking. In addition, the company produces carbon materials comprising coal tar, crude light oil, and oil; carbon products consisting of needle and pitch cokes, and activated carbon; and cathode active materials, precursors, and natural and artificial graphite anode active materials for lithium-ion batteries. Further, it engages in the production of light dolomite; construction and repair of refractories; maintenance of industrial furnaces; inspection of refractory materials; and investment business. The company was formerly known as Posco Chemical Co., Ltd. and changed its name to Posco Future M Co., Ltd. in March 2023. The company was founded in 1963 and is headquartered in Pohang, South Korea. Posco Future M Co., Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of POSCO Holdings Inc.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Dae-Hyung  Jeong | MD, Planning Support HQ Director & Director | 57 | 840,000,000 |
| Mr. Young Hyun  Seo | Head of Basic Materials Division | 60 | 547,000,000 |
| Mr. Eom  Gi-chen | President, CEO & Director | 59 |  |
| Ms. MiHyang  Han | Director of Communications | 57 |  |
| Kim  Seong-tae | Head of Management Planning |  |  |
| Mr. Taeil  Yoon | Head of Energy Materials Business Division | 58 |  |
| Mr. InGon  Kim | Head of Basic Materials Business Division | 58 |  |
