# Dongwon Industries Co., Ltd. (006040.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:12:04.798141_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Consumer Defensive
- 산업: Packaged Foods
- 웹사이트: https://www.dwml.co.kr
- 주소: Dongwon Industries Building, 7th Floor Mabang-ro 68 (Yangjae-dong) Seocho-gu, Seoul, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 589 3333

## 사업 개요
Dongwon Industries Co., Ltd. engages in the marine and fisheries, distribution, and logistics businesses in South Korea and internationally. The company operates through General Food, Seasoning Distribution, Feed Sector segments. It operates tuna purse seiners in the Western and Central Pacific Ocean, and the Indian Ocean to catch skipjack and yellowfin tuna fishes; tuna longliners in the Pacific Ocean and the Indian Ocean to catch yellowfin and bigeye tunas; trawler in the Antarctic Ocean to catch krill and pelagic fish; and reefer carriers. It involves in import and export of marine products and general cargo, and offers canned food, refrigerated food, ham, and dairy products. The company also processes and distributes tuna and salmon; and distributes fisheries goods. In addition, it operates Dongwon Tuna Restaurant, a franchise restaurant. Further, the company engages in wholesale and retail of sauces, group meals, food, and livestock distribution; and processing and storage of edible seaweed. Additionally, it manufactures livestock product mixed feed. The company was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea. Dongwon Industries Co., Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Dongwon Enterprise Co., Ltd.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Nam-Jung  Kim | President & Director | 52 | 1,579,000,000 |
| Mr. Se Hun  Kim | Executive Director | 53 |  |
| Mr. Chang Kyu  Kim | Executive Director | 74 |  |
| Mr. JongSung  Park | Executive Director | 58 |  |
| Mr. ChangWon  Kim | Executive Director | 53 |  |
| Mr. OhTae  Kim | Executive Director | 62 |  |
| Mr. KwanYoung  Baek | Executive Director | 58 |  |
| Mr. Michael  Quigley | Vice President | 68 |  |
| Haekyung  Lee | Captain |  |  |
| Mr. ByungKoo  Min | Vice President | 63 |  |
