# GC Biopharma Corp. (006280.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:12:05.744191_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Healthcare
- 산업: Drug Manufacturers - Specialty & Generic
- 웹사이트: https://www.gcbiopharma.com
- 주소: 107, Ihyeon-ro 30beon-gil, Giheung-gu, Yongin-Si, South Korea
- 전화: 82 3 1260 9300

## 사업 개요
GC Biopharma Corp., a biopharmaceutical company, develops and sells pharmaceutical drugs in South Korea and internationally. It provides over-the-counter drugs, such as Acustop Cataplasma for Analgesic and anti-inflammatory effect; Kenhancer plaster for anti-inflammatory; and Zenol Cool Type and Zenol Mild Hot Type drugs to treat anti-inflammatory and pain relief. The company also offers Albumin-GCC injection (inj.) for hypoalbuminemia and shock in acute hemorrhage, as well as low synthesis of albumin; Antithrombin-III (AT-III) inj. for hereditary antithrombin-III deficiency; Facnyne inj. for hemophilia B; Fibrinogen to treat hypofibrinogenemia and afibrinogenemia; Gamma Globulin for hypogammaglobulinemia and agammaglobulinemia; GCFLU Quadrivalent and GC FLU pre-filled syringe inj. for prevention of influenza; GreenGene F inj. for bleeding symptom control and hemostasis for persons with hemophilia A; GreenGene inj. for bleeding episodes induced by hemophilia A; Greenplast Q for sealing tissues and closing open wounds; and Green-VIII inj. for Hemophilia A with supplies of blood coagulation factor VIII. In addition, it provides Hepabig inj. for hepatitis B; Histobulin to treat bronchial asthma; Hunterase for hunter syndrome; I.V. Hepabig inj. for prevention of hepatitis B recurrence in patients following liver transplantation; I.V.-Globulin SN inj. 5%; Immuncell-LC to treat liver cancer; Sero-Tet inj. for prophylaxis of tetanus and the reduction of tetanus symptoms; Shinbaro for anti-inflammation, pain relief, and osteoarthritis; and Varicella Vaccin. It has a research and development agreement with Novelty Nobility to develop antibody-based therapeutics for geographic atrophy. The company was founded in 1967 and is headquartered in Yongin-Si, South Korea. GC Biopharma Corp. operates as a subsidiary of Green Cross Holdings Corporation.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Eun-chul  Huh | CEO, President & Chairman | 53 | 1,273,000,000 |
| Mr. Woong  Shin M.S. | Head of Operations Division & Director |  |  |
| Mr. Sean  Zam | Head of Sales & Marketing |  |  |
| Mr. Young Sup  Huh | Executive Vice President | 84 |  |
| Mr. In-Jae  Lee | Senior MD | 62 |  |
| Mr. Jae-Wook  Jeong Ph.D. | Head of Research and Development & Director |  |  |
