# Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. (006800.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:05.885412_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Financial Services
- 산업: Capital Markets
- 웹사이트: https://securities.miraeasset.com
- 주소: Mirae Asset Center One East Tower, 26 Euljiro 5-gil Jung-gu, Seoul, 100210, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 1588 6800

## 사업 개요
Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. engages in the provision of various financial services in South Korea and internationally. It operates through Wealth Management, Investment Banking, Sales and Trading, and Principal Investment and Others segments. The company provides diverse financial solutions, such as Initial Public Offerings (IPO), Pre-IPO, mezzanine financing, rights offerings, corporate bonds, acquisition financing, asset securitization, and real estate project financing (PF); investment finance solutions related to aircrafts, ships, power generation, and infrastructures; as well as investment products, including stocks, bonds, exchange-traded and over-the-counter derivatives, foreign exchange, credit, and carbon emissions trading. It also offers custody and brokerage services; public offering funds, stocks, ETFs, ELS/DLS, wrap accounts, trusts, and other financial products; and AI-based financial services, comprehensive consulting services, and pension solutions. The company was formerly known as Mirae Asset Daewoo Co., Ltd. and changed its name to Mirae Asset Securities Co. Ltd. in March 2021. Mirae Asset Securities Co., Ltd. was incorporated in 1970 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Sun Ho  Heo | Co-CEO & Vice Chairman | 56 | 745,000,000 |
| Mr. Mi-Seob  Kim | Co-CEO & Vice Chairman | 57 | 811,000,000 |
| Mr. Sung-Bum  Kang | Head of IB1 Division & IB2 Unit and Executive Director | 57 | 709,000,000 |
| Mr. Kyong Nam  Jun | MD & Head of the Business Innovation Division and Director | 57 | 724,000,000 |
| Mr. Man Yeol  Lee | Chief Risk Officer, Head of Global Division & Business Innovation Unit and Executive Director | 61 | 2,277,000,000 |
| Mu Bo Sang | Head of Financial Team & Assistant Executive Director | 55 |  |
| Yong Kook Joo | Executive Director and Director of Investment & Development Division | 54 |  |
| Mr. Kil Hwan  Kang | VP & Compliance Officer | 60 |  |
| Shin Kyu Park | Director of Communications & Assistant Executive Director | 55 |  |
| Mr. Kyung-Boo  Min | VP & Head of the Business Support Division | 64 |  |
