# Hanwha Solutions Corporation (009830.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:11:10.727556_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Technology
- 산업: Solar
- 웹사이트: https://www.hanwhasolutions.com
- 주소: Hanwha Building, 86 Cheonggyecheon-ro Jung-gu Janggyo-dong, Seoul, South Korea

## 사업 개요
Hanwha Solutions Corporation engages in the manufacture and sale of synthetic resins in South Korea, China, Germany, the United States, and internationally. The company operates through Basic Materials, Renewable Energy, Processed Materials, and Other segments. It produces and sells PE, PVC, CA, TDI products, etc.; hydrogenated petroleum resin; specialized products, such as insulator XLPE, high-purity XDI for use in high-refractive lenses and plasticizers; and solar ingots and wafers, as well as cells and modules. The company also distributes solar energy; provides energy solutions and power management software; lightweight composite materials, such as automotive parts materials and industrial materials, and solar materials; and electronic materials. In addition, it engages in real estate development; and planning, developing, operating, maintaining, and financing primarily in renewables and premium development businesses. Further, the company is involved in gunpowder manufacturing, wholesale and retail, chemical manufacturing, shipbuilding, construction, leisure/service, and textiles businesses, as well as industrial explosives/construction/trade, etc. The company was formerly known as Hanwha Chemical Corporation and changed its name to Hanwha Solutions Corporation in January 2020. Hanwha Solutions Corporation was founded in 1965 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Dong-Kwan  Kim | President, CEO of Strategy Division & Director | 42 |  |
| Mr. Won-Young  Jeong | Chief Financial Officer | 55 |  |
| Mr. JongGeol  Park | Chief Technology Officer | 56 |  |
| Sang-yoon  Han | Head of IR |  |  |
| Mr. Dongbum  Seo | Head of Compliance and Strategy Division | 48 |  |
| In Young Kim | Senior Vice President of Business Development Department | 65 |  |
| Mr. Dong-Soo  Kim | Head of Sustainability Management Center | 78 |  |
| Mr. Jung-Woon  Nam | CEO of Chemical Division & Director | 58 |  |
| Mr. Dongwook  Kim | Head of PO Business Unit and Chemical Division | 47 |  |
| Mr. Heewon  Kim | Head of Insights Division | 49 |  |
