# Lotte Chemical Corporation (011170.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:11:46.613947_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Basic Materials
- 산업: Chemicals
- 웹사이트: https://www.lottechem.com
- 주소: Lotte World Tower, 14F-16F 300 Olympic-ro Songpa-gu, Seoul, 05551, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 829 4114
- 직원 수: 4222

## 사업 개요
Lotte Chemical Corporation, a chemical company, manufactures and distributes petrochemical products in South Korea and internationally. The company offers basic chemicals, including high-density polyethylene, linear low-density polyethylene, low-density polyethylene, and ethylene-vinyl acetate; polypropylene injection, blow, yarn/fiber, film, and transparent-impact resistance polypropylene; and cool, bio, and clear polyethylene terephthalate. It also provides monomer products for construction, textile, and industrial products; and basic petrochemicals. In addition, the company offers advanced materials comprising general acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS), extrusion ABS, flame retardant ABS, heat resistance ABS, and metal plating/painting ABS; transparent MABS, scratch resistant MABS, general ABS/GF, and flame retardant ABS/GF; weatherability ASA, ASA/PMMA, high weatherable ABS, luminous, medical, antimicrobial, and eco-friendly ABS and ABS/PET; engineering plastics; and performance materials. Further, it provides construction and interior materials and mobility materials; chlorine relatives, ammonia relatives, and other products; green materials for industrial use, as well as food and pharmaceutical materials. Additionally, the company engages in battery materials and hydrogen energy businesses; and offers recycled plastic and bio-plastic. The company sells its products under the starex, INFINO, Radianz, Locelain, Popelen, Supran, Adpoly, Lottmer, EUROX, MECELLOSE, AnyCoat, AnyAddy, and ECOSEED brand names. The company was formerly known as Honam Petrochemical Corporation and changed its name to Lotte Chemical Corporation in December 2012. Lotte Chemical Corporation was founded in 1976 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Dong-Bin  Shin | Chairman of the Board & CEO | 70 | 2,275,000,000 |
| Mr. Young-jun  Lee | President, CEO & Director | 55 | 625,000,000 |
| Mr. Woo-hyun  Joo | Senior VP, CEO & Director |  |  |
| Mr. Nak-Seon  Sung | CFO & Inside Director | 53 |  |
| Mr. Sung-Taek  Cho | Deputy MD & Director of Financial Accounting Department | 62 |  |
| Ms. Young Kyung  Hwang | Head of IR |  |  |
| Mr. Sung-Ki  Kim | Deputy MD & Director of Legal Affairs Department | 59 |  |
| Mr. Yoon-Seok  Kim | Deputy MD and Director of HR Department & Purchasing Department | 60 |  |
| Min-Woo  Kim | New Business Division Head |  |  |
| Kyung Hoon Seo | VP & Head of the Battery Materials Strategy Division |  |  |
