# Hyundai Mobis Co.,Ltd (012330.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:09:48.358575_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Consumer Cyclical
- 산업: Auto Parts
- 웹사이트: https://www.mobis.co.kr
- 주소: 203, Teheran-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 2018 5114

## 사업 개요
Hyundai Mobis Co.,Ltd engages in the auto parts business in Korea, China, the United States, Europe, and internationally. It operates in two segments, Auto Parts and After-Sales Services. The Auto Parts segment sells auto modules and parts for manufacturing vehicles. The After-Sales Services segment engages in sale of after-sales services parts and accessories. It offers autonomous driving solutions, including driving, parking, in-cabin sensing, and electronic control; and lamps, such as headlamps, rear, small, and grille lamps, as well as lamp parts. The company provides electrification products comprising power conversion, drive, battery, and 48V mild hybrid; safety products consisting of airbag modules and control units; IVI systems, which comprise infotainment head unit, CSD, cluster, HUD, and sound; and braking solutions that include integrated Mobis electronic brake, VEB, MEB, and EPB, as well as steering systems. In addition, it offers chassis modules, cockpit modules, front end modules, and bumpers. The company was formerly known as Hyundai Precision Industry Co., Ltd and changed its name to Hyundai Mobis Co.,Ltd in November 2000. Hyundai Mobis Co.,Ltd was founded in 1977 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Gyusuk  Lee | CEO, President & Representative Director | 60 | 1,797,000,000 |
| Mr. Hyun-Su  Kim | MD & CFO | 63 |  |
| Mr. Sang-Ho  Lee | Chief of Cooperative Operations Unit, Chief of HR & Director | 60 |  |
| Mr. Hyung Keun  Bae | Internal Accounting Manager | 60 | 1,566,000,000 |
| Mr. Axel Joachim Maschka | Executive VP & Head of Global Sales Division | 59 |  |
| Mr. Yoon-Gyung  Jang | MD & Chief of PR Office | 65 |  |
| Mr. Hong-Sang  Ahn | Managing Director | 58 |  |
| Mr. Soon-Jo  Park | MD & Chief of President Research Unit | 65 |  |
| Mr. Yong-Duk  Jeon | Senior MD & GM of Parts Business Department | 65 |  |
| Mr. Sun-Beom  Lee | MD & Chief of Global Support Unit | 67 |  |
