# Samsung Securities Co.,Ltd. (016360.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:42.933770_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Financial Services
- 산업: Capital Markets
- 웹사이트: https://www.samsungpop.com
- 주소: Samsung Electronics Building, 11, Seocho-daero 74-gil Seocho-gu, Seoul, 06620, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 2020 8000
- 직원 수: 2496

## 사업 개요
Samsung Securities Co.,Ltd. operates as a financial investment company in South Korea. The company offers asset and wealth management services; global investment strategy; tax, real estate, and legal consulting services; digital and pension services, such as pension asset management services; investment products, including domestic and overseas stocks, funds, ELS, fixed-income, wrap, and other financial products; channel solutions; credits and loans; corporate banking; and capital management services. It also provides an equity platform to support investment activities, such as brokerage and liquidity provision for domestic and global stocks, ETFs, and ETNs; private equity fund solutions; FIIC products and services, including KRW/USD repurchase agreements (RP), domestic and global bond offerings, and FX services; and structured derivative products. In addition, the company offers investment banking services consisting of equity and debt capital markets, mergers and acquisitions, investment finance, and alternative investment services; and sales and trading services. Samsung Securities Co.,Ltd. was incorporated in 1982 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Jae-Hun  Sa | Senior EVP & Head of Channel Sales Division | 61 | 1,034,000,000 |
| Jong-Moon  Park | CEO, President & Director | 60 |  |
| Mr. Jong Wan  Lee | CFO, Head of Business Administration Unit & Executive Director | 54 |  |
| Mr. Weon Jung  Shin | MD & Executive VP of IB Division | 59 |  |
| Sang-Hyun  Lee | Head of Corporate Finance Division & Head of IB1 Division | 56 |  |
| Hoon Kyo  Lee | MD & Chief Information Officer | 57 |  |
| Eun Ah  Hwang | Compliance Officer | 49 |  |
| Mr. Han-Yong  Cho | Senior EVP and Head of Sales & Trading | 56 |  |
| Mr. Jae-Woo  Lee | MD & Chief of Customer Protection Center | 61 |  |
| Ms. Kyung-Hee  Park | Chief of WM Division & Director | 67 |  |
