# SK Telecom Co., Ltd. (017670.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:08.754027_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Communication Services
- 산업: Telecom Services
- 웹사이트: https://www.sktelecom.com
- 주소: SK T-Tower, 65, Eulji-ro Jung-gu, Seoul, 04539, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 6100 1532

## 사업 개요
SK Telecom Co., Ltd. engages in the provision of wireless telecommunication services in South Korea. The company operates through three segments: Cellular Services, Fixed-Line Telecommunications Services, and Other Businesses. The Cellular Services segment offers wireless voice and data transmission, cellular interconnection, Internet of Things solutions and enterprise communications, cloud, subscription, advertising and curated shopping services; as well as sells wireless devices. Its Fixed-Line Telecommunications Services segment provides fixed-line telephone, broadband Internet services; media platform services, such as internet protocol TV and cable TV; and business communications and related infrastructure services. The Other Businesses segment offers T-commerce services. In addition, it provides call center management, base station maintenance, information gathering and consulting, database and internet website, and broadcasting programs; international telecommunication and mobile virtual network operator services; and operates information and communications facilities; as well as engages in telecommunications and communication device retail; and software development and supply business. SK Telecom Co., Ltd. was incorporated in 1984 and is based in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Jai Hun  Jung | CEO & Representative Director | 57 | 2,079,000,000 |
| Ki Yoon  Lee | Head of CR Center | 56 | 2,031,000,000 |
| Mr. Myung-Jin  Han | President & Head of MNO Company in-Company Unit and Executive Director | 52 |  |
| Mr. Hee Sup  Kim | Head of PR Center | 57 |  |
| Bong Ho  Lim | Head of MNO Business Division | 59 | 2,358,000,000 |
| Yong Joo  Park | Vice President | 60 |  |
| Jong-seok  Park | Chief Financial Officer |  |  |
| Jun Chung  Hee | VP & Head of IR |  |  |
| Hwan Kim  Tae | Head of Compliance Office | 52 |  |
| Young Sang  Kwon | Head of Communications Support Office | 54 |  |
