# Samsung SDS Co., Ltd. (018260.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:22.330463_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Technology
- 산업: Information Technology Services
- 웹사이트: https://www.samsungsds.com
- 주소: Samsung SDS Tower, 28th Floor, West Campus 125 Olympic-ro 35-gil Songpa-gu, Seoul, 05510, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 6155 3114

## 사업 개요
Samsung SDS Co., Ltd. provides cloud and digital logistics platform-based logistics services in South Korea, the America, Europe, Asia, Africa, and China. It operates in IT Service and Logistics. The IT Service segment offers IT consulting, IT system design and development, system integration, information system operation and maintenance, data centers, and network service outsourcing solutions. The Logistics segment provides global logistics services, such as supply chain and logistics consulting and solutions. It offers cloud transformation, management, and infrastructure, as well as network and security solutions. The company also provides artificial intelligence (AI) services, such as FabriX, an automated data lake management platform; Brightics Machine Learning, an AI-based data analysis platform; Brightics Data Hub, a distributed data platform; and Brightics AI Accelerator, an AutoML suite and AI consulting solution. In addition, it offers Brity Copilot, a generative AI-based collaboration solution; Brity Automation, an AI-driven Brity robotic process automation solution; Caidentia, an AI-powered procurement and N-tier supplier relationship management solution; manufacturing execution system, an unstructured data analysis platform; share space management and workplace book; and digital health solutions comprising remote patient monitoring and interactive patient care. Further, it provides enterprise mobility solutions, including zero touch mobility; managed mobility services; EMM (On-Prem), an enterprise solution that simplifies managing and setting up employees devices;); secure settings; Data Sweeper, a solution which helps in clearing application data; and Inertia, a solution that improves productivity and safety within warehouse operations, as well as enterprise solutions and digital transformations services. The company was incorporated in 1985 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Jun-Hee  Lee | President, CEO & Chairman | 56 |  |
| Mr. Taeho  Kim Ph.D. | Executive VP, CFO & Director | 57 |  |
| Mr. Byung-Kyu  Yoo | Senior MD & Manager of Compliance Management Team | 61 |  |
| Mr. Eung-Gi  Min | MD & Head of HR Team | 63 |  |
| Mr. Sang-Rae  Lee | MD & Customer Analysis Team Leader of Big Data Dept., Solution Division | 60 |  |
| Seok-Rip  Kang | Head of IT Innovation division |  |  |
| Eric  Kang | Executive Vice President |  |  |
| Ms. Eungyoung  Kim | VP & Head of Cloud Technology Department, Cloud Services Division | 56 |  |
| Janghyun  Kim | Executive Vice President |  |  |
| Jaehwan  Lim | Executive Vice President |  |  |
