# COWAY Co., Ltd. (021240.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:50.570304_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Consumer Cyclical
- 산업: Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances
- 웹사이트: https://www.coway.com
- 주소: 136-23 Yugumagoksa-ro, Yugu-eup, Gongju-si, South Korea
- 전화: 82 1 588 5200

## 사업 개요
COWAY Co., Ltd. engages in the production and sale of environmental home appliances in South Korea and internationally. The company provides air purifiers, water purifiers, bidets, juicers, water softeners, electric range, dehumidifier, humidifiers, kitchen/home appliances, mattress/massage chair, and filter/consumables; and Smart Air Care service, which provides customized solution for air conditioning. It also offers cosmetic products and rental services for its home appliances products. In addition, the company provides product management services, such as product cleaning and mattress maintenance; digital services, including IoCare application; and other services, consisting of filter recovery, water quality testing, and braille information. Further, it engages in the manufacturing of furniture and water treatment equipment; and the construction and operation of industrial water supply. The company distributes its products through door-to-door sales organizations, commercial distribution, online channels, and directly managed stores. COWAY Co., Ltd. was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Gongju-si, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Jang-Won  Seo | CEO, President & Director | 55 |  |
| Mr. Soon-Tae  Kim | Executive Director & CFO | 54 |  |
| Mr. Sang-Joon  Kim | Head of Communication Office and Managing Director |  |  |
| Mr. Yong-Joo  Park | Head of Marketing Department and Executive Vice President | 51 |  |
| Mr. Jong-Bae  Kim | Head of Environmental Home Appliances HQ and Senior Executive Vice President |  |  |
| Mr. Kwang-Sig  Shin | Head of Environmental Quality Research Center and Managing Director |  |  |
| Mr. Sun-Yong  Lee | Head of Environmental Technology Research Center and Executive Vice President |  |  |
| Jae-Ho  Lee | Head of Business Management Division & Senior Executive Vice President |  |  |
