# Posco Dx Company Ltd. (022100.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:11:32.962325_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Technology
- 산업: Information Technology Services
- 웹사이트: https://www.poscodx.com
- 주소: 68 Hodong-ro, Nam-gu, Pohang, South Korea
- 전화: 82 54 280 1114
- 직원 수: 2598

## 사업 개요
Posco Dx Company Ltd. provides ICT solutions to construction and materials industry in South Korea and internationally. The company offers technologies in various fields, such as self-learning, IoT, cloud, big data and AI, etc. It offers smart factory; factory automation; software development; and sales and engineering services. The company also provides PosFrame, a smart platform that collects structured and unstructured data in real-time from production site to utilize the data-based analytics and AI to enable optimum process control. In addition, it offers IT services, such as business consulting, solution consulting, system integration, and IT outsourcing; cloud services consisting of cloud consulting and establishment, architectural design, and SaaS/PaaS provision and integration; smart data center services; and security services. Further, the company provides total logistic automation services comprising consulting, design, facilities, building, and operation for distribution and manufacturing logistics automation and baggage handling systems. Additionally, it offers smart safety solutions to construction, manufacturing and industrial sites; PosDrive NX Series, a tailored air-cooled AC drive solution; smart controller that integrates PLC and HMI used in automation systems; robotic process automation solution; and Vision AI, a platform technology that uses deep learning to automatically recognize and analyze images captured through CCTV used in factory and logistics automation. The company was formerly known as Posco ICT Company Ltd. and changed its name to Posco Dx Company Ltd. in April 2023. Posco Dx Company Ltd. was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Pohang, South Korea. Posco Dx Company Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of POSCO Holdings Co., Ltd.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Min-Suk  Shim | President, CEO & Chairman | 57 |  |
| Mr. Taehwan  Choi | Head of Business Planning Department & Director | 55 |  |
