# Samsung C&T Corporation (028260.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:09:44.578336_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Industrials
- 산업: Engineering & Construction
- 웹사이트: https://www.samsungcnt.com
- 주소: 26 Sangil-ro 6-gil, Gangdong-gu, Seoul, 05288, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 2145 5114

## 사업 개요
Samsung C&T Corporation engages in the engineering and construction, trading and investment, fashion, and resort businesses in South Korea, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, and the Americas. Its engineering and construction business cover building, civil infrastructure, plant, and housing construction activities. The company trades in chemicals such as polymers, fertilizers, methanol, general chemical, and mining materials; hot and cold-rolled, stainless steel, coated/colored steel, plates, and wire rods products; energy resources comprising renewable energy, biofuel, hydrogen, LNG power plants, and project organizing; and industrial materials, including component and process chemical, equipment, consumables, ore concentrate, electrolytic copper and precious metals, and battery materials. In addition, the company provides men and women clothing under the GALAXY, BEANPOLE, KUHO, LEBEIGE, and 8 Seconds brand names. Further, it engages in theme park, water park, golf club, and landscaping business. The company was formerly known as Cheil Industries Inc. and changed its name to Samsung C&T Corporation in September 2015. Samsung C&T Corporation was founded in 1938 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Young Ho Lee | CFO, EVP, Head of Corporate Mgmt Division - Engg & Construction Group | 66 |  |
| Mr. Se-Chul  Oh | President & CEO of Engineering and Construction (E&C) Group and Director |  |  |
| Mr. Jae Eon  Lee | President & CEO of T&I Group and Director | 57 |  |
| Mr. Kue-Jong  Song | President & CEO of Resort Group and Welstory and Director | 57 |  |
