# Pan Ocean Co., Ltd. (028670.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:11:43.729477_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Industrials
- 산업: Marine Shipping
- 웹사이트: https://www.panocean.com
- 주소: Tower 8, 7, Jong-ro 5-gil Jongno-gu, Seoul, 03157, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 316 5114

## 사업 개요
Pan Ocean Co., Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, provides marine transportation and other related services worldwide. The company offers break bulk liner services for steel, coal, wood, equipment, and machinery cargoes; tramper services for dry bulk cargo shipping, such as iron ore, coal, grain, sugar, logs, minerals, fertilizers, and scrap metal; and large bulker services for transporting dry bulk cargo comprising coal and iron ore, as well as container services. It also provides tanker services for transporting crude oil, gasoline, gas oil, and jet oil; oil and fats; and petrochemicals, which comprise benzene, toluene, xylene, base oil, and caustic soda. In addition, the company provides liquefied natural gas carrier services; heavy lifter services for offshore wind components, machinery, and modules; and tug boats, drill ships, barges, ocean platforms, etc. Further, it is involved in the trading and logistics of agriculture products, such as corn, soybean, wheat, and soybean meal. The company was formerly known as STX Pan Ocean Co., Ltd. and changed its name to Pan Ocean Co., Ltd. in January 2014. The company was founded in 1966 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea. Pan Ocean Co., Ltd. is a subsidiary of Harim Holdings Co., Ltd.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Joong Ho  Ahn | Chairman, President & CEO | 63 | 895,000,000 |
| Mr. Byung-Ryun  Woo | Head of Finance Management Department and Executive Vice President | 66 |  |
| Mr. Bo Yeon  Kim | Chief of Administrative Division Group and Executive Vice President |  |  |
| Mr. Dong Bae Park | Head of Human Resources Management Department and Senior Vice President |  |  |
| Mr. Sung Chul Lee | Chief of Cape Division, Head of Strategic Business Department and Vice President |  |  |
| Se Gi  Cheon | Head of Ethical Management Department & Executive Director | 56 |  |
| Ms. Lim Mei  Hua | Company Secretary |  |  |
