# Posco International Corporation (047050.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:38.072825_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Industrials
- 산업: Conglomerates
- 웹사이트: https://poscointl.com
- 주소: POSCO Center West Building, 16th floor 440 Teheran-ro Gangnam-gu, Seoul, 06194, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 759 2114

## 사업 개요
Posco International Corporation operates as a trading company in South Korea and internationally. It engages in the development of oil and gas resources; LNG terminal and connected business; power generation project development, investment, financial procurement, execution, and operation; wind power, solar power, sewage heat energy business, CCS, and hydrogen business. The company also offers GIGA STEEL, an automotive steel sheets for automakers and parts companies; construction steel materials for structural, interior, and exterior use; hot rolled steel, steel plate, wire rod, cold rolled steel, galvanized steel, electrical galvanized steel, electrical steel, and stainless steel products; and iron ore, raw coal, and power generation coal. In addition, it is involved in vehicle parts business; production of electric vehicle batteries and secondary batteries for energy storage systems; trading staple grains such as corn, wheat, rice, and soybeans; production of palm oil; and cotton business. Posco International Corporation has a strategic alliance with International ESG Association. The company was formerly known as Posco Daewoo Corporation and changed its name to Posco International Corporation in March 2019. The company was founded in 1967 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea. Posco International Corporation operates as a subsidiary of POSCO Holdings Inc.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Kye-In  Lee | Chairman, President, CEO, Senior MD & Chief of HR Support Office | 61 |  |
| Mr. Kyung-Jin  Chung | CFO & Director | 58 |  |
| Mr. Hyeon  Park | Chief Operating Officer | 58 |  |
| Mr. Chang-Ki  Min | Chief of Investment Project Office & Senior MD | 66 |  |
| In-cheol  Jeong | Senior Vice President of Investor Relation |  |  |
| Mr. Sun-Kyu  Kim | VP and Head of Materials & Chemistry Division | 68 |  |
| Mr. Hoon-Seung  Lee | Senior MD & Head of European Region | 66 |  |
| Mr. Yoo-Jun  Won | Senior MD & Head of Myanmar Region | 66 |  |
| Mr. Cheol-Soon  Nam | Senior MD & Head of Steel 1 Division | 65 |  |
| Mr. Yong-Suk  Lee | Managing Director | 64 |  |
