# KEPCO Plant Service & Engineering Co.,Ltd. (051600.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:11:55.182799_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Industrials
- 산업: Engineering & Construction
- 웹사이트: https://www.kps.co.kr
- 주소: 211, Munhwa-ro, Naju-si, 58326, South Korea
- 전화: 82 6 1345 0114

## 사업 개요
KEPCO Plant Service & Engineering Co.,Ltd. provides maintenance services for electric power-generating facilities in South Korea, Asia, the United States, Africa, and internationally. The company offers planned outage, commissioning, instrument and control system, maintenance of private power systems, and life extension & performance improvement services, as well as routine maintenance, including preventive, predictive, and corrective maintenance services. It also provides maintenance services for transmission sites and substations, such as transmission lines, live lines, and high-voltage direct currency transformers, as well as restoration of overhead transmission lines; and construction, construction supervision, engineering, and safety diagnosis of transmission lines. In addition, the company operates and maintains nuclear and power plant maintenance engineering center; provides NPP maintenance services; and constructs solar energy power plants, as well as offers maintenance of wind power plant facilities. Further, it engages in the development of various technologies, such as maintenance techniques and automation, diagnosis and evaluation of machineries, welding maintenance and related engineering services, ICT convergence, new and renewable energy, robotics, nuclear decommissioning, non-destructive examination, and 3D-printing commercialization technology for power plant components. The company was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in Naju-si, South Korea. KEPCO Plant Service & Engineering Co.,Ltd. is a subsidiary of Korea Electric Power Corporation.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Hong-Yeon  Kim | President & CEO | 67 |  |
| Young-Rae  Jo | Head of Business Management Division & Executive Director | 62 |  |
| HoGwang  Jeon | Head of Nuclear Power Plant Division & Executive Director | 62 |  |
| DoYun  Kim | Head of Power Generation Safety Business Division & Executive Director | 60 |  |
