# LG H&H Co., Ltd. (051900.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:11:17.487797_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Consumer Defensive
- 산업: Household & Personal Products
- 웹사이트: https://www.lghnh.com
- 주소: LG Gwanghwamun Building, 58, Saemunan-ro Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea
- 전화: 82 8 0850 5330

## 사업 개요
LG H&H Co., Ltd. operates as cosmetics, household goods, and beverage company in South Korea and internationally. The company offers cosmetics under The History of Whoo, O HUI, SU:M37, belif, ISA KNOX, Sooryehan, CODE GLOKOLOR, VONIN, CAREZONE, The Saga of Xiu, BEYOND, CNP, CNP Rx, VDL, VDIVOV, Nature Collection, THEFACESHOP, fmgt, DR.Belmeur, Yehwadam, and BEAUTE brands; toothpaste, toothbrush, mouthwash, and whitening products under the Perioe, Bamboosalt, and REACH brands; hair care products, including shampoo, conditioner, and hair treatment products under the Elastine, Organist, ReEn, Dr. Groot, and Silk Therapy brands; and skin and body care products under the Veilment and Physiogel Hypoallergenic brands. It also provides fabric softeners under the Saffron, Saffron AURA, and Saffron Care brands; housekeeping solutions, such as baking soda, sodium percarbonate, and citric acid under the Han.Ip; detergent under the Pongpong, SAFE, TECH, SuperTie, and FiJi brands; bleach under the Oxygen Clean brand; home cleaning products under the Homestar brand; dishwashing under the Jayeonpong brand; fragrance under the Aura brand; baby care products under the Babience and method brands; pet care products under the Sirius brand; gift sets; and mini travel kits under the MINIS brand. In addition, the company offers sparking and bottled water, juices, tea and coffee, sports and energy drinks, and lifestyle beverages under the Coca-Cola, Coke Zero, Coca-Cola light, Fanta, SPRITE, SPRITE KINCIDER, SCHWEPPES, Dr.Pepper, CANADA DRY, Seagram's, Crushed pear cider, Minute Maid, Minute Maid Qoo, Minute Maid Joy, Sunkist, Gwailchon, Cocoplam, Crushed Pear, Bong Bong, GEORGIA, Mate Tea of the Sun, Secret W, Real Leaf, POWERADE, TORETA, Monster Energy, Guronsan, ViO DIAMOND, ViO DIAMOND EC, ViO Soonsoo, Pyeongchang Water, GLACEAU vitamin water, and GO:GOOD brands. It operates through stores. LG H&H Co., Ltd. was founded in 1947 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Heon-Yeong  Park | Executive Director of Public Relations Division |  | 1,149,000,000 |
| Ms. Sun-joo  Lee | Chief Executive Officer |  |  |
| Mr. Myoung Seok  Lee | CFO, CRO & Inside Director | 54 |  |
