# LG Electronics Inc. (066570.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:09:56.083991_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Technology
- 산업: Consumer Electronics
- 웹사이트: https://www.lge.co.kr
- 주소: LG Twin Tower 128, Yeoui-daero Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, 07336, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 3777 1114

## 사업 개요
LG Electronics Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells consumer and commercial products in South Korea and internationally. It operates through the Home Appliance & Air Solution, Home Entertainment, Vehicle Component Solutions, Business Solutions, LG Innotek Co., Ltd. (Innotek), and Other segments. The Home Appliance & Air Solution segment provides refrigerators, washing machines, vacuum cleaners, and residential and commercial air conditioners. Its Home Entertainment segment offers televisions and digital media products. The Vehicle Component Solutions segment designs and manufactures automobile parts. Its Business Solutions segment provides monitors, PCs, information displays, and other products. The Innotek segment offers optics solutions, substrate materials, and automotive components, as well as camera modules and motors/sensors. Its Other segment engages in equipment production and other activities. The company was formerly known as GoldStar and changed its name to LG Electronics Inc. in 1995. LG Electronics Inc. was founded in 1958 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Jae-cheol  Lyu | CEO & Director | 36 | 2,617,000,000 |
| Mr. Chang-Tae  Kim | CFO, Chief Risk Management Officer & Inside Director |  | 722,970,000 |
| Mr. Hyoung-Sei  Park | President of Media Entertainment Solution Company |  | 1,749,000,000 |
| Seok-hyun  Eun | President |  |  |
| James  Lee | President |  |  |
| Dr. Byoung-hoon  Kim | Executive VP & CTO |  |  |
| Sang-ho  Song | Chief Human Resource Officer |  |  |
| Silvio  Rotondaro | Head of National Field Sales for German Market |  |  |
| Mr. Don  Kwack | President & CEO of LG Electronics North America |  |  |
| Mr. Ji-ho  Song | Head of Trade & Tariff Office |  |  |
