# LIG Defense&Aerospace Co., Ltd. (079550.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:26.250425_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Industrials
- 산업: Aerospace & Defense
- 웹사이트: https://www.ligdefenseaerospace.com
- 주소: 207 Mabuk-ro, Giheung-gu, Yongin-si, South Korea
- 전화: 82 1 644 2005
- 직원 수: 5766

## 사업 개요
LIG Defense&Aerospace Co., Ltd. engages in the research and development, manufacturing, maintenance, and sale of defense materials in South Korea and internationally. It offers precision guided munitions, such as M-SAM II, long-range air-to-surface missile, SAAM, Raybolt, and Poniard products; maritime warfare products, including Tiger Shark, lightweight torpedo-II, unmanned underwater vehicle for mine search, KDX-III Batch-II integrated sonar system, and KSS-III sonar system; and micro-satellite system, weapon locating radar-II, division-level weapon locating radar, long range radar, and airborne AESA radar. The company also provides military satellite communication systems; integrated platform for intelligent battlespace situation recognition; maneuverable and multifunction integrated communication equipment; cyber battlespace management system; software framework for development of weapon systems; and avionics and drones comprising small reconnaissance-and-strike drone, KF-2, LAH, medium altitude unmanned aerial vehicle, and unmanned aerial vehicle. In addition, it offers KF-21 EW suite; air-borne EW systems; land-based EW systems; ship-borne EW systems; and counter unmanned aerial systems; unmanned systems and future warfare consisting of Sea Sword and laser rifle; communication and surveillance device for unmanned surface vehicles; wearable robots for interoperation with protection and mission equipment; and AI tactical staff and MR-based dronebot operation control technology. Further, the company provides training and consulting, as well as RAM-based lifetime costs simulation software maintenance repair overhaul solutions; and integrated product support and integrated logistics support. The company was formerly known as LIG Nex1 Co., Ltd. and changed its name to LIG Defense&Aerospace Co., Ltd. in April 2026. The company was founded in 1976 and is headquartered in Yongin-si, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Ick-Hyun  Shin | CEO & Director | 66 | 1,015,000,000 |
| Mr. Lee  Jung-Sik | President & COO | 67 |  |
| Mr. Ji-Chan  Kim | Advisor |  | 3,605,000,000 |
| Mr. Sanghun  Cha | Department Head & Executive Director | 60 |  |
| Mr. Jong Sung Park | Division Head | 54 | 506,000,000 |
| YeonWoo  Lee | Business Executive |  |  |
