# SK Innovation Co., Ltd. (096770.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:09.709054_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Energy
- 산업: Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing
- 웹사이트: https://www.skinnovation.com
- 주소: 26, Jongno, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 2121 5114

## 사업 개요
SK Innovation Co., Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the development, production, and sale of petroleum, natural gas, petrochemical, lubricants, and base oil products in South Korea, Asia, Europe, the United States, and internationally. The company operates through Energy & Chemicals, Battery & Materials, E&S, and Others segments. The company is also involved in insurance, power, district energy, renewable, city gas, LNG, manufacturing, trading, and oil exploration businesses; storage and sale of petroleum products; manufacturing of industrial gas and separator for secondary batteries; operating gas station and sports club; selling asphalt; issuance and redemption of floating securities; evaluation, certification, manufacturing, and selling of lithium battery; collection and disposal of waste batteries; battery separators; invests in carbon capture and storage, as well as in equity; and installation of electric wire. In addition, it provides business consulting, resource development, information and communication, transporting, and software development services. Further, the company offers energy solutions and operates in hydrogen industry. The company was formerly known as SK Energy Co., Ltd. and changed its name to SK Innovation Co., Ltd. in January 2011. SK Innovation Co., Ltd. was founded in 1962 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Jin-won  Yoon | Vice President |  | 1,677,000,000 |
| Seong-jun  Lee | Vice President |  | 2,242,000,000 |
| Mr. Yong Ho  Jang | Co-CEO & Executive President | 61 |  |
| Mr. Hyeong Wook  Choo | Co-CEO & Executive Director | 51 |  |
| Mr. Kun Ki  Seo | Chief Financial Officer | 53 |  |
| Soyoung  Chung | Executive of IR |  |  |
| Mr. Sung-Hee  Lee | Chief of Legal Office | 62 |  |
| Mr. YoonWook  Kim | VP & Head of Global Compliance Headquarters | 56 |  |
| Mr. JunHyeon  Ahn | VP & Head of Communication Division | 56 |  |
| Mr. SeongHwan  Kim | VP & HR Director | 49 |  |
