# CJ Cheiljedang Corporation (097950.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:11:34.883041_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Consumer Defensive
- 산업: Packaged Foods
- 웹사이트: https://www.cj.co.kr
- 주소: CJ CheilJedang Center (Ssangrim-dong), 330, Dongho-ro Jung-gu, Seoul, 04560, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 6740 1114

## 사업 개요
CJ Cheiljedang Corporation engages in the food business in South Korea and internationally. It operates through Food, Biotechnology, Feed and Care, and Logistics segments. The company offers home meal replacement, meat/fishery processing, seasoning/sauce, sweetener/flour/oil, and seaweed/dessert/snack/beverage products. It also provides amino acid, green protein, enzyme, plant nutrition and health, and specialty solution; biopolymer solution; and polyhydroxyalkanoate products. In addition, the company offers taste and nutrition solutions. Further, it engages in the feed, livestock, and fresh meat business; and logistics services, including transportation, construction, storage, shipping, and discharging. The company serves under the bibigo, Hetbahn, Gourmet, Beksul, The Healthy, DASIDA, Haechandle, SPAM, Samho Eomuk, Happy Soy, METIER, Petitzel, Maxbon, Matbam, ALTIVE, Joy of Growing Together, Creeat, TasteNrich, FlavorNrich, AMINATURE, BestAmino, BiomeNrich, Soytide, Basak Chip, and PHACT brand names. CJ Cheiljedang Corporation was founded in 1953 and is based in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Seok-hwan  Yoon | CEO & Director |  |  |
| Mr. Sang Yeop Lim | Managing Director and Financial Team Manager | 58 |  |
| Eun-Ho  Lee | Head of Investor Relations |  |  |
| Mr. Sang-Min  Kim | Head of Legal Team and Assistant Vice President | 67 |  |
| Mr. Yong-Jun  Sung | Assistant Vice President of Compliance | 59 |  |
| Mr. Stephan  Czypionka | Global Chief Marketing Officer |  |  |
| Mr. Young-Soo  Shin | Managing Director and Head of HR Team | 59 |  |
| Mr. Dimitrios P.  Smyrnios | Executive Chairman of CJCJ Food - Americas |  |  |
| Mr. Ansan  Jung | Head of Finance & Planning Department |  |  |
| Mr. Kyoung Suk  Kang | Head of Finance Strategy Office |  |  |
