# KB Financial Group Inc. (105560.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:09:43.633153_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Financial Services
- 산업: Banks - Regional
- 웹사이트: https://www.kbfg.com
- 주소: 26, Gukjegeumyung-ro 8-gil, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, 07331, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 2073 7114

## 사업 개요
KB Financial Group Inc. provides financial products and services in South Korea, the United States, New Zealand, China, Cambodia, the United Kingdom, Indonesia, and internationally. The company offers deposit products, such as demand and time deposits, certificates of deposit, foreign currency deposits, and savings deposits for housing subscription; loan products, including mortgage loans to finance home purchases, construction, improvements, or rentals; and home equity loans, overdraft loans, and other consumer loans. It also provides debit and credit cards; working capital loans and facility loans; mortgage loans to home builders or developers; securities underwriting; financing and financial advisory services for mergers and acquisitions; project finance and financial advisory services for social overhead capital projects such as highway, port, power, water, and sewage projects; financing and financial advisory services for real estate development projects; and structured finance. In addition, the company offers brokerage services for stocks, futures, options, equity, derivative-linked securities, and debt instruments; foreign exchange services and derivatives dealing; import and export-related services; offshore lending, syndicated loans, and foreign currency securities investment; and trust account management services. Further, it provides long-term insurance products, automobile insurance products, and general property and casualty insurance products; life insurance comprising annuities, savings insurance, variable life insurance, whole life insurance, term life insurance, and health insurance; bancassurance; consumer finance services; and mortgage financing and construction loans. Additionally, the company is involved in real estate trust management; capital investment; and software advisory, development, and supply. KB Financial Group Inc. was founded in 1963 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Jong Hee  Yang | CEO & Chairman | 64 |  |
| Mr. Bong Joong  Kwon | Senior MD & Head of IR Department | 56 |  |
| Mr. Dae Hwan Lim | EVP & Chief Compliance Officer | 60 |  |
| Mr. Ho Kang Seung | MD & Head of Secretariat | 50 |  |
| Mr. Sang-Rok  Na | Senior MD & CFO | 53 |  |
| Mr. Shindong  Jeung | Senior MD & Head of KB Research | 59 |  |
| Jong Hoon  Lee | Head of the Legal Affairs Unit |  |  |
| Mr. Hyo Sung  Jeon | MD & Chief Human Resources Officer | 54 |  |
| Mr. Jae Keun  Lee | SEVP & Chief Business Officer of Global | 59 |  |
| Mr. Chang Kwon  Lee | Senior EVP, Chief Digital & IT Officer | 60 |  |
