# Kolon Industries, Inc. (120110.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:12:15.210887_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Basic Materials
- 산업: Chemicals
- 웹사이트: https://www.kolonindustries.com
- 주소: 110 Magok-dong-ro, Gangseo-gu, Seoul, 07793, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 3677 3114
- 직원 수: 3897

## 사업 개요
Kolon Industries, Inc. engages in industrial materials, chemicals, films/electronic materials, and fashion businesses in South Korea and internationally. It operates through four segments: Industrial Materials, Chemistry, Fashion, and Others. The Industrial Materials segment produces tire cords, airbags, car seats, and related automotive materials. The Chemistry segment is engaged in the manufacturing of synthetic resins and eastern products. The Fashion segment offers clothing and supplies, while the Others segment includes PET yarn and chip sales, as well as rental services. The company also provides services such as rental income generation from investment properties. The company produces and sells industrial materials, such as polyester and hybrid tire cords; airbags; technical yarn; aromatic polyamide fibers; artificial leather; spunbond nonwoven fabrics under the Finon brand; membrane humidifiers; polymer electrolyte membranes; membrane electrode assemblies; and vent components. It also offers polyester, nylon, barrier, metalized, prism, dry, and CPI; and panel materials. In addition, the company provides hydrocarbon, phenolic, epoxy, polyurethane, and PET resins. Further, it offers outdoor, sports, and golf clothing, as well as menswear and womenswear, kids clothing, lifestyle products, accessories, workwear, unisex and premium products, and cosmetics. Additionally, it operates on/off retail stores; and manufacturing and sales of car mats and artificial grass, manufacturing and dyeing of chemical fibers, production and processing of polyosimethylene resins, confectionery wholesale, golf course operations, film manufacturing, distribution of tire cords and films, manufacturing of airbags and automobile parts, production of synthetic resins and electronic materials, clothing distribution, and operation of trade businesses. Kolon Industries, Inc. was founded in 1957 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Sung  Huh | Chairperson & Chief Executive Officer | 64 |  |
| Mr. Yoo  Suk Jin | CEO & President of FnC division and Director | 61 |  |
| Hyun-jo  Joo | Finance Manager |  |  |
| Mr. Tae-hwan  An | Senior MD & Head of Central Technology Institute | 69 |  |
| Mr. Sang-Ho  Shin | VP & Head of CEM Division | 70 |  |
| Mr. Gyeong-taek  Kim CPA | Managing Director of Management |  |  |
| A-joo  Yang | KOLON FnC Communications Team Leader |  |  |
| Mr. Cheol-hoon  Cho | Finance team leader |  |  |
| Gyeong-hyun  Um | IR Team Leader |  |  |
