# iM Financial Group Co., Ltd. (139130.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:11:36.806000_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Financial Services
- 산업: Banks - Regional
- 웹사이트: https://www.imfngroup.com
- 주소: 111 Oksanro, Buk-gu, Daegu, South Korea
- 전화: 82 5 3740 7900
- 직원 수: 96

## 사업 개요
iM Financial Group Co., Ltd., through its subsidiaries, engages in the provision of various banking products and services in South Korea. The company offers deposit products; loans; financial products, including fund and bancassurance; and foreign exchange, asset management, and internet banking services. It also provides investment trading and brokerage, discretionary investment, investment advisory, and trust services; and insurance contract loans, etc., as well as sells insurance products, including coverage, endowment, pension, and variable. In addition, the company is involved in the collective investment services; issuing and managing prepaid electronic payment and payment gateway solutions; and facility and automobile rental, installment and automobile finance, corporate and personal loan, and technology business finance services. Further, it engages in the development, operation, maintenance, and integration of information systems; sale, rental, and maintenance of information equipment and software; IT consulting; IT related education; e-commerce; and internet related businesses. Additionally, the company provides claim collection, credit investigation, lease inspection, and civil affairs agency services; venture investment and support; and fintech, digital asset management, software development, and education solutions; and merger and acquisition, and investment services. The company was formerly known as DGB Financial Group Co., Ltd. and changed its name to iM Financial Group Co., Ltd. in March 2025. iM Financial Group Co., Ltd. was founded in 1967 and is based in Daegu, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Byuong-Woo  Hwang | Chief Executive Officer | 58 |  |
| Su-Hwan  Shin | Chief Financial Officer |  |  |
| Ms. Eun-Mi  Gu | Executive VP & Group Compliance Officer | 48 |  |
| Mr. Yoon-Kook  Kim | Managing Director | 63 |  |
| Mr. Jong-Ho  Choi | Executive VP & Group Chief Audit Executive | 61 |  |
| Mr. Sung-In  Lee | Executive VP and Director of Digital Innovation & IMBANK Headquarters | 59 |  |
| Mr. Hyun-Jin  Shin | Executive VP & Chief Risk Officer | 60 |  |
| Jeong-hun  Kang | Junior Executive VP, MD of Future Planning, Chief of Management Support & Director |  |  |
| Mr. Ki-Sik  Min | Chief Executive Officer of DGB Life |  |  |
| Mr. Jae-Young  Lee | Chief Executive Officer of DGB Capital | 64 |  |
