# Doosan Bobcat Inc. (241560.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:53.414707_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Industrials
- 산업: Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery
- 웹사이트: https://www.doosanbobcat.com
- 주소: Bundang Doosan Tower, 25F, 155, Jeongjail-ro Gyeonggi-do (Jeongja-dong) Bundang-gu, Seongnam-si, 13557, South Korea
- 전화: 82 31 5179 3300

## 사업 개요
Doosan Bobcat Inc. designs, manufactures, markets, and distributes compact construction equipment in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Latin America, and Oceania. It offers compact equipment, including compact loaders and excavators, telehandlers, compact tractors, zero-turn mowers, utility products, light compaction, articulating tractors, turf renovation equipment, and attachment products. The company also provides material handling products, such as internal combustion pneumatic and cushion forklifts, high capacity and electric counterbalance forklifts, and warehouse equipment; and portable power products comprising air compressors, generators, light towers, and industrial air products. It sells its products under the Bobcat, Doosan, and Geith brand names. The company serves construction, landscaping, agriculture, grounds maintenance, utility, and mining industries. Doosan Bobcat Inc. was formerly known as Doosan Infracore Bobcat Holdings Co., Ltd. and changed its name to Doosan Bobcat Inc. in January 2015. The company was founded in 1947 and is headquartered in Seongnam-si, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Sung-Chull  Park | President, CEO & Chairman of the Board | 60 |  |
| Mr. Duckje  Cho | Director, Executive VP of Finance & CFO | 55 |  |
| Mike  Ballweber | President of North America |  |  |
| Troy  Kraft | Senior Vice President of Global Engineering |  |  |
| Youngmin  Kwon | Senior Vice President of Global Strategy & Operational Excellence/Total Quality Management |  |  |
| Mr. Gary  Hornbacher | President of Europe, Middle East & Africa |  |  |
