# HD Hyundai Co., Ltd. (267250.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:18.446959_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Energy
- 산업: Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing
- 웹사이트: https://www.hd-hyundai.com
- 주소: 477, Bundangsuseo-ro, Bundang-gu, Seongnam-si, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 1811 6114

## 사업 개요
HD Hyundai Co., Ltd., through its subsidiaries, engages in oil refining business in Korea and internationally. It operates through Shipbuilding and Offshore, Oil Refining, Electrical Electronics, Construction Equipment, Ship Maintenance Service, and Others segments. The Shipbuilding and Offshore segment builds merchant ships vessels, and industrial plants; manufactures and installs offshore oil and gas fields; manufactures, sells, and installs solar power modules, inverters, and ESS related to renewable energy; and produces ship's propulsion/generation engines and power generation facilities. The Oil Refining segment is involved in refining crude oil for gasoline and diesel. The Electrical Electronics segment manufactures and sells transformers, circuit breakers, switchboards, rotating machines, electronic control systems, and wind power generators. The Construction Equipment segment produces and supplies electronics, and construction and industrial transportation machinery. The Ship Maintenance Service segment provides technical services for ships; and fuel oil. The Others segment is involved with manufacture and sale of industrial and LCD robots. The company also involved in; plant construction; new drug research and development; manufacturing of petroleum products; ship rental service; other based chemicals manufacturing business; petrochemical basic; engine repairs; sale of electronic and electric products; electric and solar power generation business; research and development of technology; and sale of voltage switchboard, as well as in development and sale of software for maritime autonomous surface ships; navigation assistance systems; healthcare solutions; financing business; manufacturing of machinery equipment; and transformer sales. The company was formerly known as Hyundai Heavy Industries Holdings Co., Ltd. and changed its name to HD Hyundai Co., Ltd. in March 2022. The company was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in Seongnam-si, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Joong-geun  Youn | Senior Vice President |  | 959,390,000 |
| Mr. Jeong-Hyuk  Kim | Managing Director | 51 | 657,130,000 |
| Youngcheul  Cho | Chairman of the Board & Co-CEO |  |  |
| Mr. Ki-Sun  Chung | Co-CEO |  |  |
| Mr. Nam Gung  Hoon | Executive Director of HR Division | 50 |  |
| Mr. Seo Yoo Seong | COO of Hyundai Robotics |  |  |
| Dong-hwan  Lee | Managing Director of Hyundai Global Services |  |  |
| Doo-hee  Kim | Manager of Hyundai Robotics |  |  |
