# Hanwha Systems Co., Ltd. (272210.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:30.997238_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Industrials
- 산업: Aerospace & Defense
- 웹사이트: https://www.hanwhasystems.com
- 주소: Hanwha Building, 14th Floor 86, Cheonggyecheon-ro Jung-gu, Seoul, 04541, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 729 3030

## 사업 개요
Hanwha Systems Co., Ltd. manufacture and sell various military equipments in South Korea and internationally. The company offers electro-optics, infra-red, and synthetic aperture radar (SAR) payloads to be mounted on mid-to-large sized satellites, as well as the system and payload development solutions for micro-satellites; avionics solutions for fixed wing, rotary wing, and unmanned aircrafts; and terminals for military satellite communication networks, including network controllers. It also provides radars, electro-optics, and space object surveillance systems; tactical communication, command and control, and cyber battlefield management systems; naval combat, unmanned maritime, SONAR, naval vessel weapon, and engineering control systems; integrated vetronics systems, warrior platforms, dronebot combat systems, and mobilized integrated surveillance systems; and integrated product support solutions. In addition, the company offers system integration and IT solutions for manufacturing and construction, finance, and leisure industries; application, IT infrastructure, cloud, and systems management services; smart building, insurance, manufacturing execution system, and enterprise resource planning (ERP) solutions; H-Chain, a blockchain platform; and artificial intelligence, cloud, and smart factory solutions. Further, it provides Urban Air Mobility, a 3-dimentional urban air transportation system that connects ground and air transports; and electronically steerable antennas for space internet services. The company was formerly known as Hanwa Thales Co., Ltd. and changed its name to Hanwha Systems Co., Ltd. in October 2016. Hanwha Systems Co., Ltd. was founded in 1977 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Seun Gyeon  Kim | Executive Officer |  | 4,320,000,000 |
| Seo-kho  Lee | Executive Officer |  | 764,000,000 |
| Tae-gil  Lee | Executive Officer |  | 1,251,000,000 |
| Mr. Jae-il  Son | President, CEO & Director | 60 |  |
| Tae-hwa  Jang | Deputy General Manager of IR Team |  |  |
| Youngho  Kim | Executive in Charge | 60 |  |
| Byungcheol  Park | Executive in Charge | 57 |  |
| BaekSun  Sung | Executive in Charge | 60 |  |
