# HS Hyosung Advanced Materials Corporation (298050.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:12:47.368277_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Consumer Cyclical
- 산업: Textile Manufacturing
- 웹사이트: https://www.hyosungadvancedmaterials.com
- 주소: 119, Mapo-Daero, Mapo-Gu Gongdeok-dong, Seoul, 04144, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 707 6114

## 사업 개요
HS Hyosung Advanced Materials Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the business of industrial materials in Korea, Asia, Europe, and internationally. It offers textile cords, including PET, nylon, and aramid and hybrid tire cords, as well as steel cords and bead wires for tire reinforcement. The company also provides automotive yarns comprising polyester yarn for seatbelts and airbag yarns; and industrial yarns, such as sewing threads, recycled PET sewing threads, and fine denier yarns. In addition, it offers automotive carpets that include floor and optional mats; commercial carpets, which consist of swan roll carpets, swan tile carpets, and swan mats; and yarns for carpets, including nylon BCF, PET BCF, and polypropylene BCF yarns. Further, the company provides carbon materials comprising standard modulus, intermediate modulus, and tensile carbon fiber products under the TANSOME brand name; aramid yarn under the ALKEX brand name; and airbag fabrics and cushions. It serves various industries, such as the automobile, civil engineering, architecture, construction, and transportation industries. The company was formerly known as Hyosung Advanced Materials Corporation and changed its name to HS Hyosung Advanced Materials Corporation in September 2024. HS Hyosung Advanced Materials Corporation is based in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Jindal  Lim | CEO & Executive Director |  |  |
| Nakyang  Seong | CEO, Head of Tire Cord PU & Executive Director |  |  |
| Jin Dal  Lim | Chief Executive Officer |  |  |
| H.S.  CHO | Executive Vice Chairman |  |  |
| Songjoo  Choi | CTO, CPO & Head of Domestic and International Expansion & Carbon Aramid PU and Executive Director | 62 |  |
