# Hyosung Heavy Industries Corporation (298040.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:02.079742_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Industrials
- 산업: Electrical Equipment & Parts
- 웹사이트: https://www.hyosungheavyindustries.com/kr
- 주소: 119, Mapo-daero Gongdeok-dong, Mapo-gu, Seoul, 04144, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 707 7740

## 사업 개요
Hyosung Heavy Industries Corporation manufactures and sells heavy electrical equipment in South Korea. The company offers transmission and distribution products, such as power, oil-immersed distribution, cast-resin, and special transformers; shunt reactors, high voltage switchgears, medium/ low voltage switchgears, and high voltage direct current transmission systems; STATCOM, a power electronic based device to enhance the power system stability and quality; and turnkey solutions. It also provides system and engineering solutions, including condition monitoring systems; asset health management, power system maintenance, power automation, and process automation solutions; and renewable energy products comprising energy storage systems, solar inverters, and wind turbines, as well as engineering, procurement, and construction services for solar energy projects. In addition, the company offers high and low voltage motors, DC motors, general industrial and special-purpose motors, commercial generators, and emergency power generators; chemical equipment, filling stations, and industrial gas supplying systems; gear boxes, motors, and special gear units; and ARC, resistance, and special spot welding machines. Further, it undertakes various construction projects, including housing, redevelopment and reconstruction, business and commercial facilities, civil engineering and environment, and SOC. Additionally, the company provides power conditioning systems and power management systems. It also exports its products to North and Central America, Europe, Asia, and internationally. Hyosung Heavy Industries Corporation was founded in 1962 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Tae-hee  Woo | President, CEO & Representative Director | 63 |  |
| Mr. Chang-ho  Lee | Chief Financial Officer | 57 |  |
| Mr. Hae-Jeong  Lee | Compliance Support Officer | 50 |  |
| Mr. Jeong-won  Lee | MD & Public Relations Manager | 59 |  |
| Mr. Nam-yong  Park | Executive VP & Inside Director | 58 |  |
| Ms. InJeong  Yoo | Head of Business Strategy Office & Manager of ESG Management | 48 |  |
| Mr. Ki-Yeong  Kweon | Head of European R&D Center and GM of Power PU Domestic Sales & Circuit Breaker Business | 60 |  |
| Mr. Hyeon-Chul  Joe | President of Pittsburgh Corporation | 51 |  |
| Mr. Sang-Hak  Kim | CEO of Hyosung Vinagi Corporation | 61 |  |
