# Woori Financial Group Inc. (316140.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:03.972859_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Financial Services
- 산업: Banks - Regional
- 웹사이트: https://www.woorifg.com
- 주소: 51, Sogong-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, 04632, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 2125 2000

## 사업 개요
Woori Financial Group Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a bank which provides various financial services in Korea, China, the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan, and internationally. The company operates through Banking Insurance, Credit Card Capital, Investment Securities, and Others segments. It offers loans, deposits, and relevant services; and contracting and maintenance of insurance policies, payment of insurance benefits, insurance agents and brokers, and provision of life insurance-related services. The company also offers debit and credit cards, cash services, card loans, and related services; lease financing; and securities operation, sale of financial instruments, project financing, and other related solutions. In addition, it provides brokerage, lending fees, electronic financial, foreign exchange handling, guarantee, import and export-related services, and foreign currency securities investment, as well as investment trust products, professional services, and private equity funds. Further, the company is involved in real estate, system software development and maintenance, financing, credit information, securities investment and trading, derivatives trading, and asset securitization. Additionally, it offers life insurance; and retirement pension services, and asset management services. Woori Financial Group Inc. was founded in 1899 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Jong-Yong  Yim | President, CEO & Group Chairman | 66 |  |
| Mr. Soo Lee  Jeong | Director of Investor Relations | 58 |  |
| Mr. Seong-Min  Kwak | Deputy President & CFO | 56 |  |
| Hong Sung  Han | Head of IR |  |  |
| Mr. Tae-Joong  Ha | Executive Vice President of Corporate Banking Business Group | 66 |  |
| Mr. Chai-Pong  Cheong | Executive Vice President of Business Promotion Unit/Retail Banking Business Group | 66 |  |
| Mr. Su Hyeong  Cho | Deputy Executive Vice President of Consumer & Brand Group |  |  |
| Ms. Jong Sook  Jeong | Deputy Executive Vice President of Wealth Management Group |  |  |
| Mr. Jong Deuk  Kim | Deputy Executive Vice President of Financial Market Business Group | 62 |  |
| Cheol-soo  Kim | Chief of Department |  | 718,000,000 |
