# KakaoBank Corp. (323410.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:37.027073_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Financial Services
- 산업: Banks - Regional
- 웹사이트: https://kakaobank.com
- 주소: Pangyo Tech One Tower, 11th Floor 131, Bundangnaegok-ro Bundang-gu, Seongnam-si, 13494, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 6288 6000

## 사업 개요
KakaoBank Corp., an Internet bank, provides banking services through electronic financial transaction method in South Korea. It offers various deposits, including checking, group, safe box, piggy bank, journal account, time deposits, flexible savings, and 26 week and one month savings accounts; loans, comprising micro, overdraft, credit, used car, housing deposit, housing deposit loan refinancing, mortgage, and mortgage loan refinancing loans; loan comparison, credit loan refinancing, and credit information services; investments/ forex products, which include funds, securities brokerage accounts, overseas remittance, WU transfer, and dollar boxes. The company also provides cards, including friends and group, co-branded credit cards, and credit card platforms; and business owner and mini services. It operates mobile banking centers and computer data centers. The company was formerly known as KakaoBank of Korea Corp. and changed its name to KakaoBank Corp. in June 2020. The company was founded in 2016 and is headquartered in Seongnam-si, South Korea.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Yoon  Ho-Young | CEO & Director | 54 | 1,228,000,000 |
| Mr. Hyung-Joo  Lee | Chief Business Officer | 53 | 878,000,000 |
| Mr. Tae-Hoon  Kwon | Chief Financial Officer | 56 |  |
| Mr. Ho-Geun  Song | Head of Investment & New Business Group | 49 |  |
| Mr. Jae-Hong  Shin | Chief Technology Officer | 55 |  |
| Ms. Jiyoon  Kang | Head of Investor Relations |  |  |
| Ms. JeongYoon  Park | Compliance Officer | 53 |  |
| Mr. Hyeonggeun  Park | Communications Director | 54 |  |
| Mr. JunSik  Um | Chief Human Resource Officer | 55 |  |
| Mr. Seok  Kim | Banking Group Head | 56 |  |
