# HD Hyundai Heavy Industries Co., Ltd. (329180.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:09:47.422443_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Industrials
- 산업: Aerospace & Defense
- 웹사이트: https://www.hhi.co.kr
- 주소: 1000, Bangeojinsunhwan-doro, Dong-gu, Ulsan, 44032, South Korea
- 전화: 82 5 2202 2114

## 사업 개요
HD Hyundai Heavy Industries Co., Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the shipbuilding business in South Korea, North America, Asia, Europe, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Shipbuilding, Offshore Plants, Engine Machinery, and Others. The company manufactures and sells general merchant ships, including container ships, tankers, ro-pax, ro-ro, and LNG bunkering vessels, as well as LNG, LPG, LEG, bulk, car, and petrochemical product carriers; special merchant ships, such as drillships, semi-submersible drilling rigs, and offshore support vessels; and naval and medium size ships comprising destroyer, frigate, submarine, patrol vessel, minelayer, and landing, combat support, and training ships. It also engages in the manufacturing and installation of fixed and floating offshore equipment, offshore wind power floaters and substation equipment, small modular reactor, and carbon capture and storage. In addition, the company offers marine solutions, which include low and medium-speed HiMSEN engine, HiMSEN propulsion engine, engine components, NOx reduction system, and marine pump, as well as propeller and ship propulsion and rudder system; and energy solutions, such as diesel engine power plant, modular power plant and PPS, emergency generator, emergency generator for nuclear power plants, and combined heat and power and hybrid power plant. Further, it is involved in the operation of leisure sports facilities, performance halls, and other facilities. The company was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in Ulsan, South Korea. HD Hyundai Heavy Industries Co., Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of HD Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering Co., Ltd.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Sang Kyun  Lee | CEO, President & Vice Chairman | 64 | 1,341,600,000 |
| Mr. SeokHo  Geum | President & CEO | 57 |  |
| Mr. CheolHeon  Lee | MD & Head of Finance Division | 56 |  |
| Mr. HongRyeol  Ryu | MD & Head of Technology Division | 56 |  |
| Mr. Sang-Hoe  Kim | Head of General Affairs/Legal Affairs/Security Department & MD | 54 |  |
| Mr. Seung-Yong  Park | President of Sales Division | 62 | 501,799,000 |
| Mr. HyeokJin  Jang | MD & Head of HR Department | 53 |  |
| Mr. Tae-jin  Kim | MD & Head of Marine Energy Sales Division | 56 |  |
| Mr. Heon  Choi | Director of the Coexistence/Culture Department & MD | 57 |  |
| Mr. JaeJun  Jeong | MD & Head of Basic Design Department | 53 |  |
