# HDHMS (443060.KS) 기업 프로필
_fetched: 2026-07-22T21:10:41.990241_

## 기본 정보
- 섹터: Industrials
- 산업: Aerospace & Defense
- 웹사이트: https://www.hd-marinesolution.com
- 주소: Centum Science Park, 79, Centum jungang-ro Haeundae-gu, Busan, 48058, South Korea
- 전화: 82 2 479 9500

## 사업 개요
HD Hyundai Marine Solution Co., Ltd. provides integrated engineering-based services to Hyundai brand ships. The company also supplies genuine spare parts, and customized parts and services; and provides related technical services, including maintenance and repair, and workshop services. In addition, it offers genuine parts, technical support, and operation and maintenance services for stationary engine power plants. Further, the company engages in the design, installation, and commissioning of retrofit parts, such as scrubbers, BWTS, etc., as well as provides digital control and marine automation solutions, and bunkering and warranty services. Additionally, it offers performance improvement services, such as ship bow/propeller modification, slow steaming, and ship optimization; and education services in the areas of engine performance, operation, maintenance, engine components, electric systems, and engine control systems. The company was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in Busan, South Korea. HD HYUNDAI Marine Solution CO.,LTD. operates as a subsidiary of HD Hyundai Co., Ltd.

## 주요 임원 (Key Executives)
| 이름 | 직책 | 나이 | 총 보수 |
|---|---|---|---|
| Mr. Jeong-Hyuk  Kim | CFO & Head of Management Support Department | 51 | 591,611,520 |
| Mr. ByeongRak  Yoon | MD & Manager of AM Solutions Headquarters | 55 | 798,186,711 |
| Mr. SeongHeon  Jo | MD & Head of Eco-Friendly Solutions Division | 56 | 575,681,347 |
| Mr. Sungjoon  Kim | CEO & Representative Director | 58 |  |
| Bong-Jun  Choi | Managing Director of Oceanwise |  |  |
| Hoo-Sik  Park | Managing Director of Digital Solutions |  |  |
| Yeong-Chan  Choi | Head of the Finance Team |  |  |
| Mr. Gi-Seon  Jeong | Vice President | 43 |  |
| Woo-sik  Jeong | AM Solution Executive Director |  |  |
